Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al.
Kevin: My name is Kevin.
Al: And we're here today to talk about cottage go games.
Kevin: Happy to live in one.
Al: Woo!
Al: Well I was going to say 3D printing.
Kevin: Oh, that's a good one, too.
Kevin: You know what? That's better than capital is.
Al: or, or 28 years later, the Bowdoin temple because I am obsessed with
Kevin: Oh, these are man.
Kevin: I was excited about our topic.
Kevin: But man, how are we going to compete with these other juicy topics?
Al: All right, well, if you want, well, I don't think it's not really covering two topics.
Kevin: We got a double feature.
Kevin: I guess that's the phrase we could use right here because we get this.
Kevin: This is our first time covering two topics.
Kevin: It like, you know, main topics.
Kevin: Yeah, one and a half.
Al: Well, I'm just going to, it's just going to be in the, the, the what we've been up to.
Kevin: All right.
Al: We are going to cover this case.
Al: because Kevin has been playing discountee and wanted to
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: I'm trying to reach the end of my day so I can stay right now.
Kevin: I'm literally playing.
Kevin: Get that through.
Kevin: Or that this I'll be stopping.
Al: Sharking so we're gonna talk about that. There is some news to talk about including three new games
Al: What's this about three new games announced?
Kevin: Oh, okay. Oh, I was start. I was starting to, but okay, I'll stop then. Oh, that's exciting.
Al: And if Kevin hasn't looked through the news don't look through the news now because I want to I want to see your reaction to one of them without you
Al: But first of all Kevin what have you been asking?
Kevin: Uh, well, okay. Uh, discounty, actually, um, man, discount is one of those games. Like,
Kevin: Okay, let's be real. You I all the other hosts.
Kevin: Sometimes we're forced to play a game to talk about it, or you know how it is, right?
Al: Forced is that it for a force feels a little harsh, but yeah
Kevin: Well, no, yeah, yeah, maybe it's a little harsh, but we sometimes we play it longer than what we would have otherwise, right?
Al: Yes, yes, that's fair, that's fair.
Kevin: Sometimes we say I like I want to get through a little more, so I have more thoughts, right?
Kevin: This county is not that kind of game. I am playing this county and I am enjoying it now.
Kevin: live Orches County. Um, uh, so.
Kevin: No, it is wild because it is actually competing with another game. I started this week. Um, have you heard of this game called the legends, the Z a.
Kevin: I'll have you heard of it.
Al: Uh, yes, I have. You've bought it, have you?
Kevin: I have. I am now switch to man person with the Z a. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Well, a lot of big changes over here. Um, yeah.
Al: Wow.
Al: Wait, so this, is this, is this a your switch to or have you stolen Calvin switch to?
Kevin: No, this is a meet my switch to.
Al: Wow, congratulations. Big day, big day.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Finally, finally, I did it before it doubles in price.
Kevin: Oh, thank you, AI for everything. Okay. Okay. So I'm okay. I'll be honest, I skipped a lot of the episodes like the greenhouse
Kevin: we guys talked about it and I listened to the discourse but not have partaken in it. So I'm sure I'm just gonna be covering old ground at this point.
Kevin: I just beat the second
Kevin: second trio of mega evolutions, I'm about to fight evil or I vote or whatever is named fighting
Kevin: clan to give an idea where I am.
Kevin: Man, boy, this is a game of what feels like extremes, right? A lot of great stuff, a lot of
Al: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Kevin: not great stuff, right? And it's not that it's awful, but
Kevin: the worst part about this game is they feel like it feels like they're just
Kevin: continuously shooting themselves in the foot, right? Just kneecapping themselves.
Al: I wouldn't say, yeah, yeah, I would describe it as great moments and bizarre decisions.
Kevin: Bye!
Kevin: Yeah. So I have heard whispers on the wind that, and you might have discussed this already,
Kevin: I don't know, but positively, they were originally planning a year, another year production for this,
Kevin: but of development or whatever, but from the the the powers that be higher up, meaning Nintendo,
Kevin: they were told to now we got to we got to bring us really your earlier than you thought,
Kevin: And that would explain a lot.
Kevin: But I don't you know, that's hearsay that's a rumor. I don't know if it's true, but it sure feels like it because they got a lot of great stuff, but not a lot of room to use it, right?
Kevin: But yeah, I mean, again, I'll just try to go quickly. I'm not to get too deep in it. Right. The battle systems. It's all right. I think it's a little hectic, little chaotic.
Kevin: My wish I could be a little more fine tuning. I want out of it, but it's fine. I like it. It's good.
Kevin: The part rooftop are occurring probably the best part of the game, right?
Kevin: The game is fast snappy, overall not as good as Arceus in my opinion, but overall it's still good.
Kevin: Lumiose is a rough place to be in because they have to recapture the 3DS Lumiose and so it's kind of small and scale and not that it's not memorable, it's hard to...
Kevin: In a moment, I don't know where I am in the city, let's say that, right? I'm much more guided by the minimap than the actual layout of the city, which is kind of unfortunate, but Pokemon is certainly not the only game guilty of that, so yeah, I say lovey, but hey, all those new Mega Pokemon, they're cool, I like that, I'm just trying to think here, it's really funny how like, you know, in Pokemon games,
Kevin: it plays battling competitive, the items usually are an important thing, I don't know what item I'm gonna get my Pokemon, in this game it's all, it's all just Mega Stones, it's literally what Mega Stones do I want to my team?
Kevin: Because I think the little bar, the systems fill it up, I think it's fun. Yeah, I'll give it one thumbs up, maybe not two, but it's just, yeah, there's, like I said,
Kevin: rolling decisions, or unfortunate restrictions, whatever it may be, but...
Al: Yeah, we don't need we don't need to get into that like, you know, I love people love to be like, oh, it's so in so's pro issue
Al: It's this person's so whatever. I don't we don't need to get into that right like it's the same thing with like Pokemon goal
Kevin: Yeah.
Al: I when I complain about obviously not Niantic anymore when I complained about Niantic before
Al: I didn't care whether it was Niantic or whether it was the Pokemon company making decisions the point was I was complaining about the decisions, right?
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. That's a very fair point. Yeah. So whoever made those decisions. Yeah. Um, oh, I'm trying to think of few minor things. Um, one thing. So you know those mega rogue battles, um, or rogue makers, whatever. Um, I don't know. I'm a little torn on them. I think some of them are fun and creative. That may make a bayonet. That thing has hands. Um, that, that one's chaotic and a lot to keep. I enjoyed that.
Al: So shut up
Kevin: that. But it's not.
Kevin: It is kind of not silly, but weird like you have a game that's kind of in part based on it's it's you know the verticality the actual environment right.
Kevin: And so to take that away during the megafights that's kind of I don't know I wish they would use that a little more. But but I haven't done them all so maybe that will happen I don't know.
Kevin: But what we'll see those megas are really big though. I like them. I like to make a vocal matter. Yeah.
Kevin: It's kind of all I've got so far.
Kevin: At least one thumbs up. I am enjoying it. Oh, you know, okay here here's another little.
Kevin: I'm not going to even say complaint, but it's an observation.
Kevin: I think part of the poor design is because you know early on you're really railroaded in comic, right? Like you can't explore a lot of the city, but they also don't really tell you when it opens up.
Kevin: But I only have like maybe 15 hours in this game.
Kevin: I've just been belying and because that's what they kind of train me to at first and even without that
Kevin: I don't know. I just didn't feel much of a urge or itch. I wasn't incentivized to explore. Let's say that
Kevin: because again
Kevin: Comparing to you know
Kevin: bit of an apple orange here, but I mean breath of the wild, right?
Kevin: Your curiosities peaked you you go over there. You're get your bread crumb at times or you just see something cool off in the distance and you go explore
Kevin: Not feeling that in this game
Kevin: Which isn't the worst, but again, it's just it's just on top of everything. I don't know feels weird
Kevin: It feels weird to pay the most that this is probably arguably the most expensive vocal mind game for you know
Kevin: Consumer what and it's probably smallest in scale
Kevin: But but you know, hey the game works. I like it. It's this or you know
Kevin: I like the parts of it a lot of parts of it. I like TMZ. I'll say that. That's a cool crew
Kevin: Mackie.
Kevin: I am happy to start.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: I'm going to join the club.
Kevin: I'll say that.
Kevin: Other than that, you know, just discounting.
Kevin: It's not even pulled any other street fighter character.
Kevin: You're sadly because Calvin has opens up to eight or nine.
Kevin: Oh, that's because when he was born, he'd stole my look.
Kevin: Just in general.
Al: what is going on. Well, I've been 3D printing. Not very much yet. So I'm literally just
Kevin: Okay, that's all I got.
Kevin: What about you?
Kevin: What's going on?
Kevin: What have you 3D printed?
Kevin: Tell me, that's cool.
Al: like two hours ago. I did my first print because I've been putting off because like, you
Al: know, just it's one of these things where you're just like, I need to just like do it.
Al: And once you do it, then it's like, oh, now I must do all the all of the things, right?
Al: So, um, the first thing.
Al: I'm doing well, the very first print was just they have a bunch of like preloaded things and so I printed a boat, it was fun low boat, whatever, doesn't matter.
Kevin: - Okay, okay, sure, sure, sure.
Al: Not the sort of thing I'm going to be printing much because it's just, it's just, you know, random nonsense you don't want just littering your house with.
Al: But what I really want to do is, um, there's like organizational systems like grid finity is one of them that I'm looking into, which.
Al: allows you to like you put this grid for like your drawers and then you can generate boxes and inserts and stuff that fit on top of that nicely and then you get it just makes organization much easier so I want to do that for a bunch of things so that's what I'm starting to do just now, but, um, so obviously going to take a wee bit.
Kevin: That sounds like a great use 3D printing. It's warm and fun
Al: Exactly. Exactly. So yeah, that's that's that's that's pretty much what I've been doing so far. Not much. We'll see.
Al: I guess where that goes. Maybe I'll have more.
Kevin: to an end next week, when he's printed his shelves, and then 3D printed all the figures that go on it or whatever.
Al: [laughing]
Kevin: He's 3D printed every other Pokemon that wasn't turned into the the Pokemon Quest Cube 4.
Al: - Yeah.
Al: Yeah, what else?
Al: Well, 28 years later, the Bone Temple, I watched that.
Al: And it's great, I love it, you should go watch it,
Al: it's great.
Kevin: I'm just I'm amazed and baffle, but not like but in a good way like
Kevin: That we get this sequel years later and it's kind of fitting because of the name
Kevin: It wasn't the exact number, but you know what I mean, and then they make a trilogy out of it
Kevin: That's that's kind of ballsy. I like I respect, you know, I tip my head toward that
Kevin: I didn't see the 28 months or whatever the second one was but
Al: weeks. That's all right. You can skip that. It's fine. It's not it's not terrible. I think some people think it's terrible, but I don't think it's dreadful. I think there are definitely worse films, but I mean, just compared to 28 days and 28 years, I know the bone temple. I think it just it's it's it's on a completely different
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: Yeah, I
Kevin: Sure sure sure I even honestly 20 a days is the only one I've seen and at first I kind of hated it
Kevin: But then I thought about it was like no wait. No wait. That was good actually. I thought about it. There's a message there good for that actually
Al: I really loved 28 years later.
Al: It was my favorite film of last year and I bone temple is I think I prefer 28 years later.
Kevin: Oh really that good
Al: I don't think this is quite as good but it's still very good and it definitely I think
Al: will be in my top 10 this year.
Kevin: - Okay.
Al: favorite film of the year so far, but we are only three weeks in.
Al: So, it doesn't seem much yet, but no, really, very good.
Kevin: - Rubik said.
Kevin: [laughing]
Kevin: - Just County.
Kevin: - Game of the Year, contender baby.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: But no, it's just a really, really good, really loved it.
Al: What else?
Al: Pokémon, obviously.
Al: I have now done all of the side quests in the DLC.
Al: I just have five legendary Pokémon life to catch, and then I can be done.
Kevin: The side quests are fun. I can confirm. I've seen a few fun ones. The produce show is good.
Al: just wait till you get to the DLC ones. I think they have some of the best, some of the best writing.
Kevin: Yeah, I hear it. They just kick it up a whole bunch. Yeah.
Kevin: Yo, yo, how about that froki? You know, you see, you see finicking, you see chest pin and it's
Kevin: whatever, but then froki. No, you go, go puzzle hard to earn froki. Best for the last,
Al: Yeah
Kevin: Anyways, go ahead.
Al: And I have picked up Animal Crossing 3.0 updates and I have played a good 20 minutes of it
Kevin: Um...
Kevin: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! That's enough! Ha ha ha ha!
Al: So I
Al: Like so I feel like I'm gonna talk about we'll talk about this in more detail in a future episode
Al: Because I do want to dig in a bit more to it, but my my first
Al: thoughts on it are very much like everything they've added to this game. It's a good addition, but I still don't want to play the game.
Kevin: Yeah, it feels like one of those updates and honestly with animal crossing, I think it's hard to get away from this but more of the same. That's what it would have I'm seeing but, but you know, yeah, that's kind of the challenge the animal crossing. It's kind of limited in scope.
Kevin: It's just very good. I would it does, but, but okay. Yeah, sure. That's fair.
Kevin: I'm, we already know all fields.
Kevin: I already do.
Kevin: I didn't picked it up yet.
Al: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I guess it's so I don't particularly care about the hotel, right?
Al: Because I've never, I'm never a huge decorator. But I do like how you can do the DIYs to get the
Al: tickets instead to get the stuff that the, the, the, the let you get. Um, so that's good.
Al: Uh, the recetti's or recetti stuff is good. Um,
Kevin: Yeah, that seems like a good one.
Al: I would like one, however, I would like one for, uh, what's it called? Um, landscaping,
Kevin: Nuke your island.
Al: terraforming. That's what they call it. I would like one for terraforming as well, because my island
Al: is still half covered in water. Yeah. I just like, yeah, like get this area. I would like you to
Kevin: hmm so would that be research reset to like default I guess
Al: just make it land or something like
Al: that would be nice. That's all. What else? What else? What the other things they added? I mean
Kevin: Okay, sure yeah, okay
Al: all the new items and stuff. I think we've already had our opinions on them, right? I can't
Kevin: Yeah, I I mean there's the crossover stuff right Zelda the Splatoon Lego
Al: remember what the other things they added were. Give me two seconds. This is the problem
Al: with not having written it all up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Again, yeah, it's just it's all like there's
Al: not much to say about it, right? Like if you like it, you like it.
Kevin: The game sadly we did not get in game cube emulator
Al: Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, the being able to use your home storage for DIY is great because especially with the addition of the hotel and the DIY requests that it makes, you can just like throw DIY bench next to where you put the items you make into for the hotel and just just do the stuff and because everything's in your house, you can just make everything you need to there and then, which is really nice.
Al: Oh, yeah, the the strafing very good. It does make the terraforming easier.
Kevin: I heard about that. I don't understand it. I'll just I'll see you when I see it.
Kevin: Um, yeah, that's what it.
Al: I think you'll understand when you try it, right? Because it's like, I've done many are terraforming where I've been like trying to get rid of the like a long line of water or a long line of cliff and you like you have to press the button and then you go right and then face the right direction.
Al: direction since it's like an extra movement ever.
Al: You want to move a square where as the strafing just means you just you just hold the button down and moves and it makes it
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: And we doubt create animal crossing platforming challenge
Al: And I think I was all the big stuff. I think it's all as I say good updates, but I still
Kevin: Probably not we'll give her three levels. We'll probably not
Kevin: Oh. Yeah. Oh, heavy. Yeah. Yeah.
Al: don't feel the need to play the game very much. So yeah, all the slumber islands. Yeah, that's
Al: another good one that I would definitely have used back. I mean, it is what it is, right?
Al: I think it's, I think it's a good addition.
Al: I just wish I had to.
Al: I've existed before I wanted to turn my island into a water world and I just would have done that on this lumber island, you know.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: Anyway, I think that's all I have on Animal Crossing just now.
Al: Hopefully we'll have a full episode on it later, but who knows, maybe we're both.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: As mandated by us.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: Yes, what would that be Animal Crossing Episode Number 10 or something?
Kevin: Sure.
Al: Who knows.
Kevin: The 10th harvest.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: All right, should we get into some news?
Kevin: I guess so.
Al: First up, Starstand Island. So some new
Kevin: Which, okay, I genuinely do not remember which one that is now.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: It's the one that people seem to be very excited about for some reason even though it all just looks fine. Like I'm not there's nothing about it. The looks I
Kevin: Wait, is that the Japanese one?
Al: Think maybe
Al: Yeah, I think so. Yeah, which is why we always get the news from it by like people posting about it because
Kevin: Yeah, I think.
Al: They're not actually got any PR in English
Al: And half of the news we get is just by like Q&A's on random Japanese YouTube channels
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, you're right. Okay, it is the Japanese one. Yeah, it is. Okay. Yeah, wait, there are robot cats in this game. I don't remember that
Al: so
Al: So
Al: So this game is meant to be releasing in Q1 this year
Al: But it turns out that that release will be early access, which we did not know before
Kevin: Ah, the fine print! Ah!
Al: And the console releases will be coming later. So I it sounds like
Al: The game's not ready
Al: but they didn't want to delay it so they're doing early access did I don't think yeah I don't think they wanted to do this so
Kevin: It sounds very much like the game's not right yet, they didn't want to do it or didn't want to.
Kevin: Oh, that's that is some slippery slick sales tactics.
Al: So yeah, super fun I
Al: Don't think there's anything else to say about that one
Al: Sky harvest have announced their early access is out now surprise
Kevin: I have the jetpack. Oh wait, do you?
Al: This is
Al: Yeah, it's up. It's a flying one. I just I can't the graphics on this or not it
Kevin: They feel like a bass unit.
Al: The worst the worst thing about it is not necessarily the graphics it's comparing the graphics to
Al: The are on the cover art that they have like that cover art looks amazing and then you look at the grain graphics and you're like oh
Kevin: yeah yeah yeah exactly yeah it's oh oh that that literally what's not on the box or whatever um yeah
Al: Okay
Kevin: that's uh can you
Al: I do like the idea of the jetpack and like going between different islands and stuff, but oh wait
Al: Oh, sorry. It's not. Sorry. Just just to be clarify. The game is not out as I'm talking. It's coming out tomorrow as we're talking
Al: So it should be out by the time the episode comes out, but if it's been delayed don't blame me
Kevin: Wait, can you, what are your crops while flying? That would be cool.
Al: Hmm good question I suspect not
Kevin: Oh my gosh, I like there's an NPC. That, that cover art feels so dissonant.
Kevin: Cause there's a, a, I'm looking through the, spoken to the steam, the trail on the steam page.
Kevin: There's like a part where you, there's a character portrait of a guy.
Kevin: And that art style feels more accurate to the 3D look, um, is a little more realistic issue.
Al: Yeah, but it's also it's also still different from the game. It's like you got three different art styles there
Kevin: Anyways, um,
Kevin: but yes, yeah, exactly, exactly that, that's what I'm saying. It's wild. That, okay. Okay. Yeah, that, it's that, it's the title art.
Al: I, I, so there's, it looks like the player character art is different in style to like the NPCs, the NPCs seem much nicer models, yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, the player character is very generic, bland.
Kevin: The one got NPC on C and they got the mustache.
Kevin: Like he sees things all right.
Kevin: He seems it's like a character on.
Al: Yeah, and it's all the other objects just seem very low fidelity textures, but not like in a Minecraft. This is deliberate sort of way. It almost just feels like they will add the textures later.
Kevin: Yep, base
Kevin: No base unity assets
Al: Yeah.
Kevin: Okay, well, we'll see the jet package
Al: Anyway, it should be out now. So if you were really excited about that, there you go.
Kevin: It's an idea
Kevin: Go fly to your heart's content
Al: We've got an update on heartopia, Gavin, favorite game from our last episode, and that they now are on Steam.
Kevin: Is it I don't remember oh? Oh, okay, okay. Oh my god. Oh my god. What's the update?
Al: This was the one that we thought might be a scam.
Al: So so the update is that it is now on Steam. So when we were talking about the podcast last time
Kevin: Okay
Al: It was saying that it was available, but it wasn't on Steam
Al: It was available on Android and iOS on their app stores and as I download on the website
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Al: Which felt very dodgy so now you can get it on Steam
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: Okay, that's a tiny degree more of a legitimacy at least
Al: It is free to play on all platforms. I have played it
Kevin: Oh
Al: For about five minutes
Al: So I'm
Al: Because it only came on steam like yesterday. I think so I was playing it on my phone and I don't like playing games like this on a touch screen
Al: So I think I need to download it on my my ally and try out with a controller and see how it plays
Al: But it's fine
Al: I guess.
Al: It definitely is a game, it definitely does exist, and you log into it, and it definitely
Kevin: [laughter]
Al: does things the games do.
Al: So whether it's a scam or not, it's still yet to be seen, but it isn't completely a scam.
Kevin: a scam, a fair minimum. It's a scam with an actual product. Okay. Okay. All right. What's next?
Al: Yeah, so there we are next. We have an update for Palia Winters Wonder Snowbound Sanctuary.
Al: That is a very long name Winters Wonder cool on Snowbound Sanctuary. That is the name for the update for Palia.
Kevin: Oh my oh wow, okay. That's okay.
Al: It adds a bunch of winter-based stuff. If you're playing Palia, you probably already know about this, but there you go.
Al: this is going to convince anybody to play this game if you have
Al: already. And finally we have some Sakuna news. Kevin you can buy replica tools from the game. Mm hmm.
Kevin: Probably not.
Kevin: Don't convince me, I'll be honest.
Kevin: Sorry, Paulia.
Kevin: - Whoa!
Kevin: Hey, okay, wait a sigh.
Kevin: - Wait, what do we, oh, you can find it?
Kevin: Or the, I forget what that thing's called.
Kevin: The sickle, yeah, whatever.
Kevin: Ooh, dear, wait, what is that?
Kevin: That's again, hold on.
Kevin: Let's find out.
Kevin: Can Kevin afford this?
Kevin: time to find out uh
Kevin: Oh, that's very reasonable in U.S. dollars (laughing)
Kevin: Oh, oh, I'm sorry, Japan, for taking advantage of your weekend.
Kevin: But boy, that sickle's coming home to Papa!
Al: It's that yeah, it's actually not bad. So it was that the sickle is is $40. I think is that we're about 40 dollars
Kevin: - Yeah, that's great, USD.
Kevin: [laughing]
Al: It's not bad
Kevin: - She has the Ho as well.
Kevin: That one's a little more.
Kevin: Let's see how much that is.
Al: A little more it's more than twice come on
Kevin: It's gonna be like 80.
Kevin: - Yeah, it's like 100, yeah.
Kevin: It's like 100.
Kevin: So, but it looks pretty nice.
Al: Still not bad for what it is
Kevin: It looks, yeah, no, it's not.
Kevin: It looks nice.
Kevin: - Wow.
Kevin: - Made to order item.
Kevin: - Oh my God.
Kevin: - Oh.
Kevin: - Oh, that's thrilling.
Kevin: Oh man.
Kevin: get that I'm gonna get that sickle.
Kevin: Somehow get Laura posts to sign it.
Kevin: Oh, there are times.
Kevin: Oh yeah, oh, guess on fire only.
Kevin: Wait, I think, is that an actual rice cooker?
Kevin: I think it is.
Al: No
Kevin: Oh, wait, no, not, wait.
Kevin: Yeah, it is, I think.
Al: Gas fire only kettle-cooped rice cooker. I think it might be not suitable for induction cooking. It is
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Wow.
Al: That's mad
Kevin: It doesn't say that the knives are suitable for...
Kevin: harvesting spots.
Al: I don't think you're going to be trying.
Kevin: Yeah, probably there.
Kevin: Well, okay, that's...
Al: Now the question is, how much would the shipping be for this?
Kevin: This is pretty sick.
Kevin: Mmm, that might price me out of the little...
Kevin: the hoe replica.
Al: I keep getting errors when I try to add to my cart, so I don't know what the issue is here, but good luck.
Kevin: Look, wow, look, this, look, I've said a lot of things about wanting to get it, but this may be the first time I'm ordering. Oh, gosh. Oh, okay. Just straight up, you're not being sold to my country. Wow.
Al: ahhhhhh
Kevin: I might actually reach out to Liam about this.
Al: Thanks Trump
Al: [laughs]
Kevin: Thank you and listeners.
Kevin: I knew. Oh, I mean, wait, no, Andrew's not Japan anymore. Liam might be my only Japanese contact now. Yeah, stay tuned. Listen. Oh, okay. Well, I'm over here sweating. We can go those. Okay. I'm freaking out about it, but I will. Okay. A little more objectively, I do think these are very nice replicas. They don't look cheap. Yeah, that's all.
Al: All right, that's all the the game updates. Next we have three new games to talk
Al: about. Well, we will find out. So first up, we have farming camp every summer,
Kevin: Or any of them good?
Al: every tree, every tree farming camp searches for the next best ever tree
Al: farmer. Someone ready to raise the bar in agriculture. In hopes of a better
Kevin: Okay, that's it.
Al: future young Alessandra enters the contest to claim the title.
Al: But she will have to face her peers and discover what it means to be an ever tree farmer.
Al: That's always a good question. What is the thing that you're talking about?
Kevin: There's a lot. I try to unpack here
Kevin: Okay, first of all, I do like the comment. Oh, okay a lot of indie you know
Kevin: I think we bring it up
Kevin: But so many of these cottage court indie games. They make so much better to the art for the promotional material than the it gave a art
Kevin: But that said the
Al: However, I don't, I don't look at this one and go, I look at this one and go, yeah, that's
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, I was about to say it actually looks fine. It's 2d pick
Kevin: I like it for me camp. I kind of like the premise. I like the little competition thing going on. I like it. One of those characters is just Zelda. That is just Zelda.
Kevin: Um, okay, if you look at the trailer out around the 12 second mark where the
Kevin: title is, what is is that a fish person I'm looking at? I just I that doesn't look human. I could be wrong, but
Al: Uh, let's have a look.
Al: Around 12 seconds, did you see?
Kevin: yeah, 1112. Yeah. Yeah. And under the logo, you see some characters. Is that a fish person?
Al: The 12 seconds is just a logo.
Al: Oh, I see, okay.
Al: I'm not thinking a fish, person me.
Al: No, I don't know.
Kevin: It looks like a Zora to me. Like I feel like there are a lot of
Kevin: I think it's expiration this fair because it's not copying, but that feels like one.
Al: I think it might be like a bird person, but yeah, I think it's, I think, I think you might be right. I think it might not be a human, unless it's somebody weighing a costume.
Kevin: Oh, maybe it's a non-human at bare minimum.
Kevin: Okay. And I guess so. Um, yeah, okay. Anyways, yeah, there's a like a little
Kevin: So, okay, uh, some of the other things on the trailer than the art. Um, um, uh, there the chickens
Kevin: like a cross between slimes and chickens. I don't know what's going on with them. Yeah.
Al: Yeah. Look, I love a lot of these designs, right? Like some of the people,
Al: does the character designs, they're all really unique. There's like someone with hair that
Kevin: They are. Yeah, there's a character who looks like a Toriyama Goku character. There's a Zelda,
Al: goes all the way to their feet. Um,
Kevin: there's a poop black guy with headphones. Um, yeah, the there. I am too. I think the like, you know,
Al: You know what, I'm open to this, I am open to this.
Kevin: I don't think it's going to be hardcore competition, maybe game to gameplay wise, but the premise,
Kevin: I think it's fun. Um, and clearly you're playing a set character, Alessandro. That's cool. Um,
Kevin: you drive a boat at some point. I don't know why, but I'm down for that. Um, I do have. Oh, if you look at, uh, if you look at 30 seconds into
Kevin: the trailer, you can see the the non-human better. I don't know what they are, but they're not a human.
Al: Yes, they definitely I think they look like an eagle person or something like that
Kevin: Oh, like a jellyfish to me. I don't know. Listeners. The big round blue head part looks like a, the, the, the top of a jellyfish.
Al: A jellyfish what are you talking about?
Al: No, that's that's like a hat. Come on the face clearly has a beak
Kevin: Think is that a big, I don't, I don't know what's going on here. I don't know.
Al: That's clearly a beak. Come on
Kevin: And, and you look at the hands. They look kind of like tentacle like, like, like, like, I, I'm just saying what I'm seeing,
Kevin: man um I don't know what it is
Kevin: but uh listeners use that use the the all the let us know what what is this you know
Kevin: and you're supposed to be okay I yeah I am too I have one coupon point um oh that's
Al: [laughs]
Al: Look, I'm open to this game.
Al: I think this looks interesting.
Al: I could try this.
Kevin: what it is okay around the 26 minute mark you're you're filling I think it's actually
Kevin: supposed to be gasoline for your boat um looks like it's a uh but I'm not gonna lie it that looks
Al: Yeah, all right, okay.
Kevin: filling it up with pee I don't disagree okay let's move on okay farming camp it looks
Al: I don't know what to say.
Al: Alright, next, yes, we'll keep you up to date when we get more.
Al: There's no release information, just TBA.
Al: Next we have milky delivery, grab your bike and milk bottles, let's hit the road, explore
Al: the countryside in the short cozy delivery adventure, befriend folks and gently help them
Al: rebuild your community one bottle at a time.
Al: Upgrade your bike, your dairy farm and venture deeper into a once lively region.
Al: Now, why most excited about this Kevin?
Al: See if you scroll down.
Al: It says, features, what milky delivery offers, a short adventure, two to three hours of
Al: beautiful landscapes, light management, small decisions, short dialogues.
Al: I'm in, I'm buying this game day one, give me three hours of gameplay and then go away.
Kevin: Okay, you know what? In and out. That's that's sure. Sure. I guess
Al: I am in, so it's a side scrolling game, I think this looks really nice.
Kevin: in spot. I don't know if they said it, but inspired by Kiki's delivery service because of course
Al: What?
Kevin: because we live in the sphere and every other game has to be inspired by Studio Ghibli filming.
Kevin: So I won't say great, huh? But that's it, uh, even if it.
Kevin: Falls into that category. It looks nice. The visuals are nice. Um, I'll say that the the bike
Kevin: animation go looks fast. Cool. Um, you know what? For a two to three hour game. Yeah. All right.
Kevin: Good for them. She wears a witch hat. That's how you know it's it's Kiki's you get it. You get it out.
Al: Yeah, I'm in.
Kevin: Something save me. And it's just ended all. What's next? Okay. Well, the next game is door my faith and anything
Al: Yes. (laughs)
Al: Well, so the next one is technically oh, yes, sorry mochi delivery is coming out this year sometime, but we don't know any more information
Al: So the next game is called Bell's fanfare. This is not a farming or cortical game
Al: The reason why I'm including it is purely because it's by Chibi, Chidio who made summer in Mara, etc
Kevin: Oh, yeah, I mean, yeah, we, we subscribe to the Chibiverse, absolutely.
Al: We do so we're probably not gonna cover this in the podcast because it's not a
Al: Farming or cortical game unless somebody really wants to but I felt like it was worth mentioning it because we love Chibi
Al: So much and we talk about them
Kevin: I'm like when I'm seeing I think, I think.
Al: Well, so here's interesting. I'm not
Kevin: Okay, okay.
Al: I'm checked out so let me let me tell you why I don't like it and then you can tell me why you like it and we'll end on your positive
Al: This is doing the let's recreate p.s. One era graphics and
Al: I think it just looks bad. I
Al: Don't I don't like it. Yes. Yeah, it is
Kevin: Do you think that's intentionally going for that okay sure I'll believe you I yeah I don't know I didn't have a ps1 so
Al: It's quite a trend in games the last couple of years is to go back to the ps1 graphics
Kevin: It is I
Al: And I'm like no leave them in the past make your game look nice not make it look old
Kevin: So I see where you're coming from I don't know if it's in tension. Oh, especially Jimmy. I don't know if it's intentional
Kevin: But I can see how you get that take away. Okay.
Kevin: Okay. Well, okay. So visual also this, at least it looks different from the other
Kevin: chibi games, I think, enough. Well, I say that chibi games are kind of all over the place,
Kevin: aren't they? So maybe that's powerful, of course, that it's not. But I don't know. There's
Kevin: something, I mean, chibi, again, chibi games also in-game all over the place. We have aliens
Kevin: again, witches and stuff. And, and there's a lot going on in this trailer. You're, I don't know,
Kevin: fighting in an asteroid, I think. I don't know what you're doing going on to your tiny, in some
Kevin: portions. There's a, we'll do it on a stage. There's a really cool horse unicorn person with a pipe on
Kevin: a boat. Um, I just a lot going on here. Um, but, uh, it's called my interest at the release. I don't know
Kevin: what this game's supposed to be about looking into Australia.
Al: well yeah good question um so
Kevin: Oh my gosh, expressive bullet held encounters. Wow, I saw the description.
Al: yeah so i'll read the i'll read the blood bells fanfare is an immersive rpg with exploration
Al: expressive and expressive bullet hell encounters you play as bell the new order cleaner of the once
Al: luxurious vessel the witch of the sea I will say they're they're their stories are generally
Al: pretty good, so I feel like that...
Al: aspect will work really well and I'm doing an RPG definitely makes sense.
Kevin: Yeah,
Al: This is just not for me.
Kevin: Sure, there is so like the lion guy on the stage who takes a bow and puts on a mask. I don't know
Kevin: There's something very
Kevin: RPG like
Kevin: Final fantasy character about that guy. I just dig it
Kevin: But you know that that's fair
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know February. Oh kickstarter because of course it's Jimmy of course
Kevin: February 3rd, okay
Al: Yeah, very soon. So if you're intrigued. That's a thing
Kevin: Check it out. Have we had a cubic kickstarter fail?
Al: No, no, and I think the recent ones have all been like pretty much within an hour. They've been funded
Kevin: Yeah, I didn't think so
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, and you know that's fair. I think they've earned it even with rough edges they've earned it. Cool. That's fanfare
Kevin: One name. I like that. I don't know what it means for sure. I mean something
Al: Well, it's the fanfare for Belle, obviously silly question.
Kevin: Yeah, all right
Al: Alrighty, I think that's all of our new games, so Kevin, we're over to you.
Kevin: Sure
Kevin: Cool. Yeah, all right
Al: We are going to talk about discounting.
Kevin: Okay, so on our on our notes that we refer to while talking. I'm typing some live
Kevin: And the first one I put in all caps
Kevin: This is ladies and gentlemen. This is Jojo Mark the game
Al: If you ever wanted that, which let's be honest, we've all we've all thought about it, right?
Kevin: Um, cuz that's
Kevin: Yeah, we have it's it's a constant
Kevin: you can workshop it right and and they've done it um okay so um where to start with okay you know
Kevin: my overall impression I'm giving it maybe even two thumbs up um it is yeah I'll say that it's if nothing
Al: Oh, wild way to start.
Kevin: else it's very well made game um it's of course it's very specific in what it's trying to do so whether
Kevin: that gameplay jai's with you or not.
Kevin: You know, that's that's the make or break kind of thing.
Kevin: I am enjoying the game.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: So let's talk about the gameplay and kind of the premise of the game.
Kevin: So I don't know how intentional not, but it is.
Kevin: It feels somewhat of a boy play on the start of so many farming games.
Kevin: Um, uh, this time it's your aunt, who is not in.
Kevin: Karenning the whole story to you. She's actually alive and well, your neighbor, um, but she wants you to start working at her store. Um, I can't remember why you would agree to it, but you do. I think it's mostly to help her out because she is getting older, whatever and is seeking help. Um, and so you're, it sounds like more, you're just doing her a favor sort of thing. Um, but she is by, she is clearly the owner of the, the enterprise and making the big decisions. You are literally working here. Um,
Kevin: and so much of the game has that feeling. Oh, this is a Wendy's man. Um, but, uh, you, so you move to this small town called Bloom curse. I think it is. Um, it's, it's a small town. It's, um, kind of, uh, not impoverished, but, uh, just, uh, it's, it's seen better days. Let's say that, right. So there's a couple of buildings that are run down or abandoned shops that have been closed, but there's a, you know, there's a small
Kevin: inner community and then some tight knit, some of them care about the heritage, et cetera, et cetera. Um, anyways. And so yeah, you, you move to this town and you start working. Um, and it is, uh, convenience slash supermarket store, the simulator manager game. Um, you use, lay out your, in like, you know, you have an, you're given an empty space basically. You lay out shelves,
Kevin: chills on them. Um, and then from like, what is a nine AM to buy PM or whatever people come to the store shop and pick stuff up and take it to the register. You check them out at the register and you just kind of rinse and repeat that right. If stuff runs out of a stock inventory, you either got to replenish it from the store room, or you do tell just tell the customer, sorry, we're out. Um,
Kevin: I think I talked about this a couple of weeks ago when I first mentioned discounting, um, when you start, you have this, uh, at least on control. It's, it's a pretty painful system of where you have to type in the prices manually on like the grand total. Um, so let's just say an apple is, is 10 coins, right? So if a person grabs three apples, you can either type 30 or you can two 10 times three because it's a little calculator interface. Um, the interface itself is the bigger problem because it's a number pad, but you have, it's still control.
Kevin: And not just like highlight the key, it's like you tilt the controller in one direction and that's the the number that you're selecting.
Kevin: You know, you have the eight way a directional, yeah, the eight directions right the corners and the up down left right.
Kevin: And it's just awkward, especially because you got a line of clients and so customers and so you got to you got to get through the line and put all those numbers in and check them out.
Kevin: it kind of gets uh
Kevin: times it a little overwhelming and a little high pressure because there are clients with um
Kevin: or there's like a satisfaction rating right did you take too long did you have everything they want
Kevin: yada yada yada and then at the end of the day all your totals of all the stuff you sold
Kevin: this tally it in the satisfaction of measure yada yada and that's uh and so that's kind of the focus
Kevin: of the gameplay running the store um after hours staff you know outside the the uh time when you're
Kevin: running the story clients are in there you still have to manage inventory you have a computer in
Kevin: the back you go back say how you need another box of apples and potatoes or whatever um and then
Kevin: stuff gets delivered the store room is kind of the same thing where you're placing boxes and you kind
Kevin: of have to keep it neat and organize just purely for your own sanity um to able to run around and grab
Kevin: stuff easily um that sort of stuff really appeals to me like it's almost like a puzzle oh how can I
Kevin: what's the most efficient layout I can come up with right that's kind of a big appeal the game
Kevin: for me um uh and it right exactly right yeah exactly right it's it's yeah there you go the setting
Al: Yeah, that's I mean, that's a big thing that people do in farming games anyway, right? Like how can we make this really efficient?
Kevin: out your layout of the store in the inventory is very similar to say you're you're farming plots
Kevin: right how are you going to make it efficient where you know you can water x number of tiles
Kevin: easily so what are your patches gonna look like but yeah yeah that's that's great point um it
Kevin: scratches that exact same age um and uh and as you progress you you you get upgrades um this the
Kevin: the uh the check out system it's a huge upgrade you get a proper scanner system and instead of typing
Kevin: out the numbers all you have to do is rotate the item in a certain direction to scan it that's it
Kevin: um and so it becomes a non issue at that point it goes from the biggest point to
Kevin: pain point to just disappearing completely. And what's nice is they introduced
Kevin: an option in the settings where you can just have that scanner from the
Kevin: beginning or remove the customer satisfaction stuff just to make the game
Kevin: play, you know, shiller on you if you want, right? If you want less pressure. And so
Kevin: you know, it hats off to them. I certainly wouldn't blame anyone if they use the
Kevin: scanner from the beginning because, oh my god, what a huge quality of life.
Kevin: Oh, great. So yeah, so that's the primary gameplay of running the store.
Kevin: >> Sure.
Kevin: Okay, so now let's talk about the characters in the story.
Kevin: So you have a small, I would just say close to Stardew sized town and the number of characters
Kevin: you can interact with.
Kevin: Their personalities are certainly all over the place, very colorful, a lot of them are like
Kevin: start doing a lot of them are not great people, people you don't like.
Kevin: A good example, there is a guy named Elmer, I believe his name is.
Kevin: He is the guy who runs the the the city hall area.
Kevin: He is just a represented like a city council representative.
Kevin: He, you know, he's he's very low on the on the rung of political power and has no authority of doing stuff.
Kevin: He likes to just take care of the town part because he loves gardening and he just wants to do that.
Kevin: But he has to put up with all this other stuff of permits and he doesn't respond well to
Kevin: pressure and so he's kind of like a kind of a maybe not weasily, but he's a very timid guy and
Kevin: and sometimes has to deal with the conflicts that he doesn't like. So that's just one example,
Kevin: a character, but like there's, oh, there's a factory and there's a factory owner, her name's
Kevin: Tammy, she's an awful person who's impatient and just, you know, when you think of a capitalist
Kevin: Like, CEO person, that's what Tammy is.
Kevin: He's not great.
Kevin: But you still have to interact with her because one of the kind of mechanics outside
Kevin: of town is there's a handful of suppliers in town.
Kevin: This village is a harbor, so there's both farms and fishing people.
Kevin: And you can actually interact with, I believe, it's four of them that I've had right now
Kevin: to negotiate trade contracts, and they give you like special and unique inventory for
Kevin: for your shop. Uh.
Kevin: And so you have to manage that and you can hit targets like sell X number of fish from this one person and then you can get upgrades to their to the trade contract. You have with them. So you can get stuff on them at cheaper prices or bigger quantity so on and so forth.
Kevin: And so the social system is I'm going to call it a light social system because you as you talk to you don't actually even give gifts to people you just talk to them.
Kevin: And you get to know them. You get to know their stories. Eventually you'll not have little mini events with them. There's no dating in this game. Thank goodness.
Kevin: But you get to know each of the characters individually. And so again, a wide variety of opinions. You have people just trying to make business in this little town. You have people care about the heritage and what yada yada yada.
Kevin: And so that's that's kind of how it goes. The overall arching plot.
Kevin: Is is kind of like this conflict that your aunt is creating because she's trying to expand the store so much at first. It's just this one building that she has. She ran a different store, but she.
Kevin: She tries to or turned into a discounty franchise discounties the name of the store itself. And then later on, she, for instance, buys a band in T shop next to her place to take to that building and expands the store there.
Kevin: And some people are set by that because that he shop even though it's been abandoned for a number of years and unused still had meaning people, you know, felt to represent the town yada yada yada.
Kevin: And so some people have issues with that. And again, you have no control over this as you are not the owner of the store. You are just the manager slash primary employee.
Kevin: This is why like it starts to show I joke about capitalism, but that that's kind of what this is right like the store is growing and growing than the aunt wants to keep expanding and growing and it's and you kind of see the side effects it's going to have on the community.
Kevin: What feels like maybe the climax of the game or at least a big significant event where she's trying to expand again, but she's trying to now get rid of a basically a historical landmark house.
Kevin: So like one of the towns of founders or something like that. And it's caused so much discord that there is now full on protesting going outside my store.
Kevin: Which is kind of cool to see because usually don't see cottage core games kind of go that far, you know, actual organized protests.
Kevin: And now you're at odds with many people in town, including some of the trade suppliers I can no longer buy.
Kevin: But at the moment, buy anything from them, which again nifty. I think that's cool that they're just tackling all that head on.
Kevin: There's other aspects of the story that I haven't gotten into too deep into like there's an environmental aspect. I don't think that's necessarily there's a result of the discounty thing, but there's again the earnings Tammy the factory owner.
Kevin: She's clearly been polluting and it's clearly having an impact on the environment and that's been upsetting some people.
Kevin: So yeah, just a lot of stuff like that.
Al: Yeah
Kevin: And and your player character because you're not giving, you know, you put your own name, but they they have a it's not a blank slate character like you can kind of influence your answers a little you have a who multi choice, but generally speaking, they're a decent person.
Kevin: And they're just trying to get through the work they do their job, but they also
Kevin: don't have to set everyone off, right? Like if they were in control of the
Kevin: whole situation, they probably would not be expanding so much, or you know,
Kevin: trying to upset the community. But so they're just trying their best. But, but
Kevin: yeah, that's, I'm trying to think here. It's kind of a quick snapshot. And yeah, it
Kevin: really does feel like Georgia marked the game, because yeah, what if you kept
Kevin: trying to figure, how's it going to fit start to do Valley, right? That's very
Kevin: much what this game feels like. From a technical perspective, the game's
Kevin: great. It runs great. The art style, it's 2D pixel art, but it's stylish enough.
Kevin: I like it. It's appealing. I don't want to try to think how to compare it. It's
Kevin: certainly not Stardew-esque. It's a little more rounded, a little more poppy, like it.
Kevin: it's a little more bouncy than then Stardew, but um, I like it. Um, and I say all this, I guess it
Kevin: should be, uh, important to note that, uh, this is a couple months after the games out, there's
Kevin: been several patches, quality of life stuff. Um, I think for instance, there's a basement U.M.
Kevin: Lockford, like just an additional store room. Um, I believe that was one of the quality of life
Kevin: things and I wasn't there at the beginning. Um, so you know, I'm, I'm playing this probably from a
Kevin: a decent like perspective or or
Kevin: a lot of those pain points have probably been ironed out but yeah overall I'm
Kevin: enjoying the experience so far oh oh I'm talking about grace I just remembered
Kevin: so when you start working you're and already has a woman named Grace working
Kevin: in the store and she's kind of your boss or seeing you're at the very
Kevin: least right and so she's the one who she's the tutorial character she tells you
Kevin: had to run the store and helps you in
Kevin: get out of here. Um, and so Grace is cool. She's a, she's just a friendly, sweet, cool woman. Um, well,
Kevin: guess what? Um, after you've progressed enough in the game, she's fired because hey, guess
Kevin: what? Turns out you're, you were actually turning up to be her replacement because you worked deeper
Kevin: than she did this. So yeah, capitalism and it's fine as baby. Um, uh, yeah. And for a while, you're the only
Al: Hm, oh dear.
Kevin: employee. Oh. Oh.
Kevin: Oh. You do unlock a second like assistant employee at some point.
Kevin: He just basically runs around and stalks the shelves, which does help you
Kevin: rule out running the story. It is nice to have him there.
Kevin: Poor kid lives at the store basically because he's there from son up till son to happen.
Kevin: Just talking nonstop.
Kevin: But, but you know what? He's also a problem child so people are happy with that.
Kevin: But yeah, that's uh, that's kind of the
Kevin: the snapshot with this kind of look look at capitalism and it's ugliness doesn't shy away from that and
Kevin: Yeah, I'm I'm enjoying it. Um, I will very likely play this to completion. Um, I don't know how much farther I have to go
Kevin: Um, I will say like I'm I feel like I passed the halfway point maybe even two birds of the way in
Kevin: Um, just based off some of the upgrade paths, I've personally seen.
Kevin: But there'd be more stuff done.
Al: cool it'll be it'll be interesting to hear how it like concludes right because there's a lot
Al: to that you know and it could it could go a lot of different
Kevin: There yeah
Kevin: Yeah, it will or yeah, it can agree
Kevin: Now I honestly don't know how it's gonna you know how it's gonna play out
Kevin: You know even if the the actual discounty then stuff of their answer is all you still have that back to your work or
Kevin: Green um
Al: Yeah, it's a fun idea, I guess. So here's here's my question around the the kind of gameplay because my my thing is always like shops. I don't tend to find shops fun in games. How does it actually feel? I mean, you talked about a little bit of the the weirdness in terms of like inputting the price, but like more than that, like how does the overall shop feel to to actually run.
Kevin: That's gonna get fixed
Kevin: Uh-huh.
Kevin: Yeah. I think I feel, I like it. Once you get the scanner and I'm not
Kevin: dealing with the pickup nonsense, I think it's great because here's the
Kevin: thing. Like you wake up at the day starts at 6 a.m. the shop opens at 9 a.m.
Kevin: right? So you have three hours you can go into the shop and kind of set stuff up.
Kevin: Right? You line up your your shelves with all your inventory and you're kind of
Kevin: doing in such a way that, you know, you
Kevin: just kind of runs itself, basically. If you do, if you plan and lay out things well, you generally don't run into problems.
Kevin: Again, especially when you get the scanner and you don't have to deal with the check-out nonsense, because none issue.
Kevin: I think it runs fine. It's a very active gameplay, also that. It's not just set and forget. You're still maintaining.
Kevin: sometimes there's you know like a spill on the floor and you have to clean it up and so a little
Kevin: stuff like that but I like it and it's like a very concrete block of time you know I don't
Kevin: know the actual time it's it's funny they actually make a little joke about it how time literally
Kevin: past is faster when the top is open yeah they make a joke about it but so you do it every day and
Kevin: for a certain period of time and and it's fine it's it doesn't feel like it drags on or it's long
Kevin: so as long yeah like I said it's almost feels like a puzzle if you do well setting up your shop
Kevin: it runs well and that's that's kind of what I can say
Al: in terms of like the, is all of the, I don't know whether you've mentioned this, but
Al: or not, the, like taking, because you talked about taking payments, is that all manual
Al: then, or can you, like, say, I'll be--
Kevin: I haven't unlocked any automation. You have the scanner you have to run to the
Kevin: register to take care of it. Yeah.
Al: Yeah, exactly. I think that's that's the thing that most has put me off it in general, right?
Al: The idea that like you have to because it's one of the things I'm not a huge fan of with shops is like
Al: the constantly being on edge to have to go and sell stuff to someone.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, unfortunately then that you might still have an issue with this because it's you are still like said
Kevin: It's still active. You still have to
Kevin: Attend to these little things you have to check the customer out. You have to restock a shelf. It's empty
Kevin: You have to clean up the floor
Kevin: And and and there I haven't seen like well like I said you unlock one employee and he starts automating the stocks
Kevin: Restocking stuff at least sit to a certain degree. It's not as fast as you are for instance, but
Kevin: >> You will walk.
Kevin: There are employees who can help you checking stuff out? Maybe I don't know. We'll see. Maybe the store will expand. Maybe I'll get a second employee who doesn't.
Kevin: I honestly could not say. At least I where I am right now, you're still doing stuff yourself and there's no automation.
Al: Right, fair enough. I don't think I have any more questions.
Kevin: Yeah, no, I mean, it's it's a that's fair. It's a
Kevin: Straight forward game. Let's say it gets right into it
Kevin: You do ramp up the store a little bit, but it still feels faster than say Stardew Valley just the pace of the game
Al: Yes, which isn't a bad thing.
Kevin: Let's see I'm
Al: You know, I was just talking about wanting shorter games.
Al: So yeah, so how much time have you put into this?
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, it's about to say that I'm actually at 10 hours just dust an hour
Kevin: Which I might be not a bad time
Al: Okay, and you feel like you're getting close to the end.
Kevin: Yeah, I feel like I might be third if I were to guess
Kevin: Just based on the signs. I've seen definitely past the halfway point. I feel confident about that
Kevin: so yeah, and
Kevin: And I don't know what a post game would look like in this scenario because
Kevin: One thing I have seen online a lot of people complain about that like yeah, you know
Kevin: You can kind of keep playing after the credits, but there's no real reason to if that makes sense
Kevin: But uh, oh, yeah, I don't know like it's it's it's kind of niche. It's specific, but it was
Kevin: What everything it does well? I think the visuals are fun. Yeah, the game does look like the box art. I'll say that
Kevin: It has charm
Kevin: You know, I think over the characters too much, but
Kevin: They have their works and charms. I like the
Kevin: the hardware store guy they got who sells you.
Kevin: one of the fun things about the layout stuff.
Kevin: As you progress, you unlock different items,
Kevin: like different kind of shelving units and stuff you can unlock.
Kevin: And one of the front ones, there's these items they're called displays.
Kevin: And what they do, they have a lot of fun stuff.
Kevin: They have a lot of fun stuff to do.
Kevin: And so they're a lot of fun stuff, but they're a lot of fun stuff.
Kevin: And they're a lot of fun stuff, but they're a lot of fun stuff.
Kevin: And what they do, they have a lot.
Kevin: So for instance, if you put like a produce display and you put, you fill, you put shelves of
Kevin: apples and lettuce around the display, customers will be incentivized to see them and buy them more, so you can get more
Kevin: it and stuff like that, which is a fun element to, again, figure out an efficient layout and whatnot.
Al: Okay
Al: Yeah, I can see how this would be very interesting to some people
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yes.
Kevin: So I don't, I don't think this game has done, probably wouldn't.
Kevin: It doesn't feel conducive to demo, but I still recommend it.
Kevin: This county, solid game.
Kevin: I don't, aside from the NEPET thing, I don't have any big complaints.
Kevin: Oh, I'm excited about to find out about the rats.
Kevin: And the rats in the town.
Kevin: We don't, they feel like they are congregating and not just in an animal way.
Kevin: Like there's something going on with them rats.
Kevin: Fair enough.
Al: Yeah fair enough. All right. Well, there we go. That's discounty. Thank you, Kevin. Yes. Yeah, maybe we'll do a spoilers cast to you can tell us every finishes.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Tune in.
Kevin: I don't know when when I finish it.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: Thank you.
Al: Thank you, Kevin, for joining me to talk about discounty.
Al: Is there anything you would like to share with the audience?
Kevin: uh you know where to find me people who put his on whatever um uh man I still
Kevin: hate how twitter has one or two things still still has a tukes in me but you know i'm
Kevin: on my other places I i'll one day i'll get back to making out on my work life balance is better
Kevin: probably hopefully that would about you out where do people find things you care about
Al: I like the optimism.
Kevin: Yeah, it's all. Bye. Oh, you man.
Al: Well, yeah, you can find the podcast on Tumblr and on blue sky at THS pod.
Al: You can send us feedback.
Al: Tell us if you have played this guarantee.
Al: Do you want the ending to be evil or not?
Al: Find all our links to everything, including a link to our Patreon.
Al: Patreon.com/THS pod where you can support the podcast, get access to our Slack.
Al: And you can also get access to our bonus episodes of the podcast, which are always interesting.
Al: Maybe not always fun, I don't know.
Kevin: Well, other than they're ever green a lot of them like there's a large library and a lot of them are irrelevant of
Kevin: Ongoings and the news so to tune in here. Talk about not
Al: Yeah, maybe don't listen to the intended direct reaction ones. They might not be that interesting.
Kevin: Yeah, ready
Kevin: Unless you want to see how wrong we are about things.
Al: Well, possibly prep, but yeah, oh, yes, I guess we need to do our predictions for Pokemon Day. We've got
Kevin: Oh, we do, don't we?
Al: just over a month. Oh, bye.
Kevin: Get ready for ZA cast to and and
Kevin: Why does PCopy have to come out after it would be great to get ready for Pokemon month this year spread out over the year, probably
Al: it's almost like it's an anniversary year and there's going to be lots of stuff to talk about anyway.
Kevin: Almost
Al: All right. I think that's everything then. Thank you, Kevin again for joining me.
Kevin: Thank you all round me on
Al: Thank you listeners for listening and until next time, have a good harvest.
Kevin: Good heart
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Al McHenry with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Virtus.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: and try not to take advantage of people when you run a shot.
Kevin: That'd be nice and for those in the know, shout out to BleedingCloud.get